Add note about in-place updating in the docs (#1108)
qiboteam/qibo: doc/source/getting-started/backends.rst

to 3 to hide info messages or 4 to hide both info and warning messages. The
default value is 1 allowing all messages to appear.

.. note::
  The `qibojit` backend implements in-place updates. This
  implies that the initial state is modified at runtime without performing any copies to save memory.
  For algorithms that require access to the initial state after its modification, such as quantum machine learning applications,

>   it is suggested to perform a copy of the state explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it is suggested to perform a copy of the state explicitly if really needed by the algorithm.
```

to 3 to hide info messages or 4 to hide both info and warning messages. The
default value is 1 allowing all messages to appear.

.. note::

>   The `qibojit` backend implements in-place updating of states and unitaries. This
>   implies a target initial state is modified at runtime, in order to save
>   memory. In the case of algorithms in which the initial state is used several times, or
>   it is necessary to be maintain it over time (such as in quantum machine learning applications)
>   it is advisable to save a copy of the states.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The `qibojit` backend implements in-place updates. This
  implies that the initial state is modified at runtime without performing any copies to save memory.
  For algorithms that require access to the initial state after its modification, such as quantum machine learning applications,
  it is suggested to perform a copy of the state explicitly.
```
